c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\eManager.Web.dll
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\eManager.Web.pdb
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\Org.Mentalis.Security.Cryptography.dll
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\Mono.Math.dll
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\Org.Mentalis.Security.Cryptography.xml
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\Mono.Math.xml
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\obj\Debug\eManager.Web.dll
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\obj\Debug\eManager.Web.pdb
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\eManager.Domains.dll
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\eManager.Domains.pdb
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\StructureMap.dll
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\WebActivator.dll
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\StructureMap.pdb
c:\users\taha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\StructureMap.xml
C:\Users\Taha\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\BundleTransformer.CoffeeScript.dll
C:\Users\Taha\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\BundleTransformer.Core.dll
C:\Users\Taha\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\CoffeeBundler.dll
C:\Users\Taha\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\CoffeeScriptHttpHandler.dll
C:\Users\Taha\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\CoffeeSharp.dll
C:\Users\Taha\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\Jurassic.dll
C:\Users\Taha\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\MsieJavaScriptEngine.dll
C:\Users\Taha\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\Web.Optimization.Bundles.CoffeeScript.dll
C:\Users\Taha\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Taha\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\CoffeeBundler.pdb
C:\Users\Taha\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\ru-ru\BundleTransformer.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Taha\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\eManager\eManager.Web\bin\ru-ru\MsieJavaScriptEngine.resources.dll
